RHIDP-12600 - RHDH Dynamic Plugin Factory Usability Enhancements (#2162)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/con-using-the-dynamic-plugin-factory-to-convert-plugins-into-dynamic-plugins.adoc

dependencies, and building container images - this process can be both time-consuming and error-prone. The Dynamic Plugin Factory automates this entire workflow, providing a reproducible way to convert plugins from source code to deployable containers without requiring deep knowledge of build
tools or Scalprum configuration.

This approach is particularly valuable when you are:

* Converting multiple community plugins from the {product-custom-resource-type} marketplace.
* Testing custom plugin changes during active development.
* Ensuring consistent builds across development teams.
* Applying patches to plugin source code before building.

== How the Dynamic Plugin Factory works

The core function of the Dynamic Plugin Factory tool is to streamline the dynamic plugin build process, offering the following capabilities:

Source Repository Management:: Clone and checkout plugin source repositories.
Multi-Workspace Support:: Export plugins from multiple workspaces across different repositories in a single run.
Patch and Overlay System:: Apply custom modifications to plugin source code before exporting.

> Dependency Management:: Automated yarn installation with TypeScript compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependency Management:: Automated yarn installation with TypeScript compilation, and automated private dependency handling for backend dynamic plugins.
```

Dynamic Plugin Packaging:: Build, export and package plugins using the {product-very-short} CLI.

> Container Image Publishing:: Optionally push to container registriessuch as Quay or OpenShift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container Image Publishing:: Optionally push to container registries such as Quay or OpenShift.
```
